# First Run


## 1. Exfiltration Server

The exfiltration server is a vital feature that the Shennina framework provides. It guarantees that post-exploitation works successfully and to customize and craft post-exploitation and exfiltrations based on "agents.

### Agents

Shennina exfiltration agent is a simple agent that executes in the post-exploitation phase to conduct various tasks as well as to connect directly in a systematic approach to the exfiltration server. Data sent to the exfiltration server is encoded, the next version will allow end-to-end encryption of the exfiltrated data.

#### Linux / macOS

The Shennina agent can be placed at `./exfiltration-server/agent.sh` - the generic agent shipped with Shennina works on the vast majority of Linux/Unix/macOS distributions.

### Windows

Shennina agent for Windows is supported. It's placed at the `./exfiltration-server/agent.ps1`, and supports the vast majority of Windows builds.


## Running the Exfiltration Server

Place the exfiltration server directory in the machine that would like it to work as an exfiltration box. You can also use the same machine that runs Shennina as the exfiltration server.

The following command launches the exfiltration server.

```bash
$ cd ./exfiltration-server/
$ ./run-server.sh
```

It will automatically build the components and run the build in an isolated Docker container that runs as `nobody`.


The IP address of the exfiltration server should be placed at `./config.py` of Shennina on the `EXFILTRATION_SERVER` variable, with the following format: `SERVER_HOST:PORT`.

## 2. MSFRPCD Server

To connect with MSFRPCD, we need to place our credentials at:
`./config/msfrpc-config.json`. We should copy the `config/msfrpc-config.json.example` --> `config/msfrpc-config.json`, and generate a random password. Please note that using the default or an insecure password can lead to the compromise of the attacker's machine. You can specify any username and password you prefer in this step.

Then, run `./scripts/run-msfrpc.py`, and your Metasploit MSFRPCD will be established.


# Next

Shennina should be fully ready to start!
