# AI Algorithms

Using AI, we've tried to solve the problem of choosing the correct exploit given a certain state.

Shennina applies reinforcement learning by applying the A3C and policy gradient techniques.

## The Neural network

Shennina uses a fully connected neural network with hidden layers.

#### Inputs

The input space (states) has a size of 3 which are:
* OS type
* Port number
* Service name

All these inputs are being **normalized** before feeding them to the network.


##### Normalization

Normalization is done by calculating the standard deviation from the mean.

#### Outputs

In a few words, we want the network to provide us with two pieces of information.

* The predicted action.
* The probability of that action.

By applying the softmax activation function, and then getting the argmax of the output, we get the index of the action of the highest probability.

- The output has a size equal to the number of exploits available "1600+".


### Training

- The network is trained via a rewards system. i.e, +1 for correct results and -1 for incorrect ones.
- After obtaining results, we compute the policy and values losses and apply the gradient to minimize the losses.
- Training is done via workers to increase performance and speed. Each worker trains their local model(network).
- The master agent runs the workers within their own global model.
- The network is trained by episodes. After each episode, the global model's weights are updated by each worker's local models.
- At the end of the total episodes, the results of the training "final model" is then saved into a local file "pwn_model.h5".



### Testing

- When testing the network, we provide the state and get the probability of each action
- By applying the argmax function, we get the index of the action.
- The action is then tested against the target.
- The result is being post-processed to ensure maximum accuracy on results.

## AI Notes
Check (5.1 AI Notes) for more details regarding the AI model.


## Training the Network

```bash
$ ./shennina.py --lhost lhost.local --target target.local --training mode
```

## Using the AI Mode

```bash
$ ./shennina.py --lhost lhost.local --target target.local --exploitation-mode
```
