# Features

This document holds detailed information about some of the main features of Shennina.

## Automated self-learning approach for finding exploits.

- Check the "AI" document for further information.

## High performance using managed concurrency design.

Shennina is designed with high performance in mind. Testing and training for attacks are done in a concurrent approach.

## Intelligent exploits clustering.

Shennina maps open services with potential exploits using a number of techniques, including:

- Eliminating unreliable exploits and non-remote exploits.
- Mapping used products with potential exploits.
- Mapping port number to exploits within the same platform, as an addition.
- Mapping service name with potential exploits, as a thorough test.

Everything is automated.

## Exploitation

Automated exploitation is done via Shennina with minimal user input and without human intervention.


## Post exploitation.

Shennina is directly connected with Metasploit for exploitation. Once the exploitation phase is achieved, the post-exploitation phase starts by running collectors to obtain further details about the server and exfiltrate the data to an external server.


## MITRE ATT&CK Framework concepts.

Shennina is applying TTPs from the MITRE ATT&CK framework in order to perform successful attack simulations.


## Out-of-Band technique testing for exploitation checks.

This technique is vital in the process of verifying the execution of payloads, as well as confirming the ability to have an exfiltration tunnel with the exfiltration server.


## Scriptable attack method within the post-exploitation phase.

The post-exploitation phase runs an agent that does generic tasks, while it can be customized and scripted. The generic build collects information and files from the compromised server.


## Automated exfiltration of important data on compromised servers.

The post-exploitation script automatically exfiltrate compromised server information and send it to the exfiltration server, where the attacker can connect back to the exfiltration server and download all the exfiltrated data.


## Automated Ransomware Simulation for compromised targets.

Shennina includes a custom capability for running ransomware simulation against compromised targets. Once a target is compromised, Shennina can obfuscate the home directory of the user automatically via a custom agent designed for Shennina.


## Custom Agents Development

Shennina uses custom agents for post-exploitation on both Windows and Linux that runs in-memory mainly to avoid detection. The deployment of the agents is done automatically once the target is compromised.


## Automated Suggestion for Potential local root exploits.

Once a machine is compromised, Shennina runs an automated suggestion for potential local root exploits against the target system if the Shennina framework has not received full administrator-level access to the server.


## Reporting capabilities

Once full exploitation is done, a report is created with the identified path to exploit the server, and the obtained data from the target.


## Deception Detection
Shennina includes functionality for performing deception detection during the exploitation phase for both *nix and Windows environments. Once a host is identified to be potentially designed for deception, the attack will be terminated without exposing custom code and malware to the target for anti-deception purposes.
